stories/democracy-manifest/chapter-004-a-prompt.md, before:

"Okay, here she is. What was that slogan?"

Sea Breeze sighed, and looked at the unicorn who'd been wheeled in front of her. "Good afternoon. And it's not a slogan, Hughbert. It's a maxim: *no taxation without representation*."

"Ah," the unicorn said. "This is about that political fad, isn't it?"

"It's not a fad!"

The unicorn stared at her with a raised eyebrow.

"... Okay, maybe it's a bit of a fad. But as long as the Mayor's gone, we've got to manage things on our own, and it seems democracy is the best way to do it. If that makes it a 'fad', so be it."

The unicorn seemed to take that well, and extended her hoof. "Billfold, at your service."

Sea Breeze bumped the proffered hoof. "Filthy Rich's assistant, right?"

"Personal assistant, secretary, accountant, acting CEO while Mr. Rich is on vacation, et cetera..."

"Ooh. Impressive."

"Indeed. It may be needless to say, but Mr. Rich's ears have been burning for some time. Tell me about this maxim - I'm sure he will find it very..." Billfold pretended to search for the right word. Once she was done with the dramatic pause, she spoke as if to purr, "*Interesting*."

Sea Breeze wasn't sure right away what to say to that. "... Right. Well, anyway. Here's the idea. I read in a book once that there can be no taxation without representation. It stands to reason that means there can be no representation without taxation either. Am I right?"

Hughbert Jellius nodded enthusiastically. "I think that makes perfect sense."

"So then, if we want this democracy stuff to work out long term - supposing the Mayor takes her time before coming back, of course - then we need representation, so we need taxation."

Billfold licked her lips almost imperceptibly. "I see."

"I was thinking," Sea Breeze continued, "we can vote to levy a tax on ourselves. Since Filthy Rich owns all the money here -"

"He owns the *bank*, dear," Billfold interjected. "That doesn't mean he owns the money. But do continue."

"Okay, well, he owns the bank, and he's probably the richest pony in town..." - she waited for an interruption that didn't come - "... so then he might know the most about taxes and stuff. If we vote to levy a tax, we'll need Filthy's input on implementation."

"That sounds like a *perfect* idea," Billfold gushed. "In fact, I strongly suspect Mr. Rich will be quite pleased to assist you in your democratic efforts."

"Oh, that's awesome!" Sea Breeze exclaimed with a laugh. Hughbert nodded along, too, although he was getting a bit concerned with Billfold's tone.

"Run along, now, my little ponies," Billfold instructed them. "I'll run this up to Mr. Rich. I think, after we work a bit of our magic, the townsfolk will be quite receptive to all these modern ideas." Then she did a little bow before prancing away, letting out a pleasant laugh that sounded more and more maniacal as it faded into the distance.

"Hmm," Hughbert Jellius hummed. "I'm not sure if that was the best idea."

Sea Breeze scoffed. "Aw, c'mon. Getting money and moneyed folk involved was the best thing we could do for democracy."

"I sure hope you're right."

"You'll see. Anyway, we better start organizing for the vote."

"How should we phrase it? You're always better with the words than me."

"Let's say..." There was a gleam in Sea Breeze's eyes. "We propose that Ponyville implement taxation to guarantee representation."

"Perfect! Let's go."

Commit message:

Fix typos in chapter-004 prompt, pass, & fail for Democracy Manifest
Sea Breeze -> Sea Swirl

stories/democracy-manifest/chapter-004-a-prompt.md, after:

"Okay, here she is. What was that slogan?"

Sea Swirl sighed, and looked at the unicorn who'd been wheeled in front of her. "Good afternoon. And it's not a slogan, Hughbert. It's a maxim: *no taxation without representation*."

"Ah," the unicorn said. "This is about that political fad, isn't it?"

"It's not a fad!"

The unicorn stared at her with a raised eyebrow.

"... Okay, maybe it's a bit of a fad. But as long as the Mayor's gone, we've got to manage things on our own, and it seems democracy is the best way to do it. If that makes it a 'fad', so be it."

The unicorn seemed to take that well, and extended her hoof. "Billfold, at your service."

Sea Swirl bumped the proffered hoof. "Filthy Rich's assistant, right?"

"Personal assistant, secretary, accountant, acting CEO while Mr. Rich is on vacation, et cetera..."

"Ooh. Impressive."

"Indeed. It may be needless to say, but Mr. Rich's ears have been burning for some time. Tell me about this maxim - I'm sure he will find it very..." Billfold pretended to search for the right word. Once she was done with the dramatic pause, she spoke as if to purr, "*Interesting*."

Sea Swirl wasn't sure right away what to say to that. "... Right. Well, anyway. Here's the idea. I read in a book once that there can be no taxation without representation. It stands to reason that means there can be no representation without taxation either. Am I right?"

Hughbert Jellius nodded enthusiastically. "I think that makes perfect sense."

"So then, if we want this democracy stuff to work out long term - supposing the Mayor takes her time before coming back, of course - then we need representation, so we need taxation."

Billfold licked her lips almost imperceptibly. "I see."

"I was thinking," Sea Swirl continued, "we can vote to levy a tax on ourselves. Since Filthy Rich owns all the money here -"

"He owns the *bank*, dear," Billfold interjected. "That doesn't mean he owns the money. But do continue."

"Okay, well, he owns the bank, and he's probably the richest pony in town..." - she waited for an interruption that didn't come - "... so then he might know the most about taxes and stuff. If we vote to levy a tax, we'll need Filthy's input on implementation."

"That sounds like a *perfect* idea," Billfold gushed. "In fact, I strongly suspect Mr. Rich will be quite pleased to assist you in your democratic efforts."

"Oh, that's awesome!" Sea Swirl exclaimed with a laugh. Hughbert nodded along, too, although he was getting a bit concerned with Billfold's tone.

"Run along, now, my little ponies," Billfold instructed them. "I'll run this up to Mr. Rich. I think, after we work a bit of our magic, the townsfolk will be quite receptive to all these modern ideas." Then she did a little bow before prancing away, letting out a pleasant laugh that sounded more and more maniacal as it faded into the distance.

"Hmm," Hughbert Jellius hummed. "I'm not sure if that was the best idea."

Sea Swirl scoffed. "Aw, c'mon. Getting money and moneyed folk involved was the best thing we could do for democracy."

"I sure hope you're right."

"You'll see. Anyway, we better start organizing for the vote."

"How should we phrase it? You're always better with the words than me."

"Let's say..." There was a gleam in Sea Swirl's eyes. "We propose that Ponyville implement taxation to guarantee representation."

"Perfect! Let's go."
