stories/exploding-story/ideas.md, before:

## General
- Running gag that Spike has more friends than Twilight
## Chapter ~~1~~ 24hr
- Twilight discovers the story is going to explode in 24 hours
- Twilight wakes up and feels things are *off*. She brushes her hair and the story narrates this as "I brushed my hair for the last time". Then she thinks, "why did I think that?"
- She walks outside and thinks, "That's the last time I'll see the sunrise". Now she's questioning her own thoughts out loud and worrying townsfolk.
- Twilight asks Spike what the hay is going on and he says "maybe it has something to do with that?" (points upwards at a screenshot of the story title)
- "This Story Will Explode In 24 Hours"
- "Well, horseapples." 

## Chapter 23
- Nobody believes Twilight. Maybe something about the title screenshot being sideways relative to them so they can't see it.
- She has to find ponies who will understand. Ponies who are used to nonsense like this happening.
- Oh right! Pinkie Pie!

## Chapter 22
- Pinkie Pie
- Twilight wonders if Pinkie Pie had anything to do with this - maybe makes a callback to that time she turned the story invisible
- Maybe Pinkie Pie warns her against overreacting to a predicted disaster, lest she prove it correct.
- This calm and rational response just freaks her out even more!

## Chapter 21
- Applejack
- Twilight, Spike, and Pinkie Pie visit the Apple farm
- Applejack: "Are you just gatherin' everypony together for an adventure like you always do?"
- Twilight: "Wait, I always do that?"
- Applejack: "Yeah, sugar cube. You do. (beat) Well, let's go, then."

## Chapter 20
- Rainbow Dash
- The gang finds Rainbow Dash, who hadn't noticed the giant title until just now
- "Oh, this thing? No problem!"
- She zooms towards it and ends up splatting against it like a bug on a windshield
- "Ow."

## Chapter 19
- Fluttershy

## Chapter 18
- Rarity
- ~~God I hate Rarity~~

## Chapter 17
- CMC?
- Hiding in the clubhouse because they don't want to look at the sky and end up costing the author more commissions? (Joke about the commissioned chapter artwork obv)

## Chapter 16
- Ponyville events?
- Holiday?
- Wedding?
- Funeral?
  - Maybe Twilight says the funeral isn't important because everyone is going to die soon
  - They kick her out, obviously

## Chapter 15
- Discord?
- Don't want to rely too heavily on him.

## Chapter 14
- Sea Swirl, just the pony to help us solve this problem!
- No, we didn't just pick you because you were the closest pony at this exact moment!

## Chapter 13
- Sunset Shimmer comes back to Equestria and asks if anyone else noticed the story is going to end in half a day
- "Yeah, we noticed!"

## Chapter 12hr
- Twilight has assembled the elements of harmony and they all try to stop the story from exploding. It doesn't work. Panic!

## Chapter 11
- Twilight goes to Celestia and Luna, who don't know what's going on either and are even more panicked than she is. Canterlot may be on fire.

## Chapter 10
- Twilight gives in to despair. Her friends console her.

## Chapter 9
- Two characters, believing the world is about to end, confess their love for each other.

## Chapter 8
- Inner monologue of each pet?
  - Angel
  - Gummy
  - Winona
  - Tank
  - Opalescence
  - Spike
    - "Hey, shouldn't this be about Owlowysius?"

## Chapter 7
- Entire first chapter of a human in equestria story (anon?) where, after a series of unfortunate and grizzly events, the human arrives in the everfree forest and sees that the story is about to explode in a few hours.
- This causes him to give up hope and just let it happen.
- No other appearances in the story.

## Chapter 6
- Hard-boiled detective story parody.
- The narrator is self-aware that this is the sixth chapter and that the story is going to end soon.
- Still, they investigate a murder. 
- More spearmint smoking.

## Chapter 5
- Grimace Shake chapter
- 150 words
- Luna is alive???

## Chapter 4
- Diamond Dogs chapter where they don't believe those silly ponies, but still plan to make the most of their day (just in case)

## Chapter 3
- Chrysalis rejoices that they have thrown Equestria into chaos. Though she doesn't recall doing anything in particular to cause it, surely *one* of her dastardly schemes did them in. Somehow.

## Chapter 2
- Cheerilee arrives at the schoolhouse and wonders if it's really worth working on her lesson plan for today, considering the world is supposed to end.
- Well, all the more reason!

## Chapter 1
- Minutes to midnight chapter (not literally, since it'll be morning)
- Characters are realizing that it's close to the end, and decide to gather round so they can spend their final moments together.
- Heartwarming bittersweet chapter! Hopefully.

## Chapter 0hr
- Twilight sees a ball of fire rise over Ponyville! Oh no, it's happening!!!
- Twilight realizes the ball of fire is just the Sun.
- Oh.
- It looks like nothing exploded at all. 

## Chapter 0hr+X (final chapter)
- All the assembled characters look up at the story title.
- "This Story Did Not Explode"
- "Well, that was anticlimactic!"

Commit message:

Add ideas for Exploding Story
Fluttershy doesn't want to be part of this story

stories/exploding-story/ideas.md, after:

## General
- Running gag that Spike has more friends than Twilight
## Chapter ~~1~~ 24hr
- Twilight discovers the story is going to explode in 24 hours
- Twilight wakes up and feels things are *off*. She brushes her hair and the story narrates this as "I brushed my hair for the last time". Then she thinks, "why did I think that?"
- She walks outside and thinks, "That's the last time I'll see the sunrise". Now she's questioning her own thoughts out loud and worrying townsfolk.
- Twilight asks Spike what the hay is going on and he says "maybe it has something to do with that?" (points upwards at a screenshot of the story title)
- "This Story Will Explode In 24 Hours"
- "Well, horseapples." 

## Chapter 23
- Nobody believes Twilight. Maybe something about the title screenshot being sideways relative to them so they can't see it.
- She has to find ponies who will understand. Ponies who are used to nonsense like this happening.
- Oh right! Pinkie Pie!

## Chapter 22
- Pinkie Pie
- Twilight wonders if Pinkie Pie had anything to do with this - maybe makes a callback to that time she turned the story invisible
- Maybe Pinkie Pie warns her against overreacting to a predicted disaster, lest she prove it correct.
- This calm and rational response just freaks her out even more!

## Chapter 21
- Applejack
- Twilight, Spike, and Pinkie Pie visit the Apple farm
- Applejack: "Are you just gatherin' everypony together for an adventure like you always do?"
- Twilight: "Wait, I always do that?"
- Applejack: "Yeah, sugar cube. You do. (beat) Well, let's go, then."

## Chapter 20
- Rainbow Dash
- The gang finds Rainbow Dash, who hadn't noticed the giant title until just now
- "Oh, this thing? No problem!"
- She zooms towards it and ends up splatting against it like a bug on a windshield
- "Ow."

## Chapter 19
- Fluttershy
- Fluttershy refuses to leave the cottage for fear of the story exploding
- The gang has to push her out
- She's confusingly strong when her motivation is "hide"
- Recruiting Fluttershy for world-at-stake missions is still a Problem

## Chapter 18
- Rarity
- ~~God I hate Rarity~~

## Chapter 17
- CMC?
- Hiding in the clubhouse because they don't want to look at the sky and end up costing the author more commissions? (Joke about the commissioned chapter artwork obv)

## Chapter 16
- Ponyville events?
- Holiday?
- Wedding?
- Funeral?
  - Maybe Twilight says the funeral isn't important because everyone is going to die soon
  - They kick her out, obviously

## Chapter 15
- Discord?
- Don't want to rely too heavily on him.

## Chapter 14
- Sea Swirl, just the pony to help us solve this problem!
- No, we didn't just pick you because you were the closest pony at this exact moment!

## Chapter 13
- Sunset Shimmer comes back to Equestria and asks if anyone else noticed the story is going to end in half a day
- "Yeah, we noticed!"

## Chapter 12hr
- Twilight has assembled the elements of harmony and they all try to stop the story from exploding. It doesn't work. Panic!

## Chapter 11
- Twilight goes to Celestia and Luna, who don't know what's going on either and are even more panicked than she is. Canterlot may be on fire.

## Chapter 10
- Twilight gives in to despair. Her friends console her.

## Chapter 9
- Two characters, believing the world is about to end, confess their love for each other.

## Chapter 8
- Inner monologue of each pet?
  - Angel
  - Gummy
  - Winona
  - Tank
  - Opalescence
  - Spike
    - "Hey, shouldn't this be about Owlowysius?"

## Chapter 7
- Entire first chapter of a human in equestria story (anon?) where, after a series of unfortunate and grizzly events, the human arrives in the everfree forest and sees that the story is about to explode in a few hours.
- This causes him to give up hope and just let it happen.
- No other appearances in the story.

## Chapter 6
- Hard-boiled detective story parody.
- The narrator is self-aware that this is the sixth chapter and that the story is going to end soon.
- Still, they investigate a murder. 
- More spearmint smoking.

## Chapter 5
- Grimace Shake chapter
- 150 words
- Luna is alive???

## Chapter 4
- Diamond Dogs chapter where they don't believe those silly ponies, but still plan to make the most of their day (just in case)

## Chapter 3
- Chrysalis rejoices that they have thrown Equestria into chaos. Though she doesn't recall doing anything in particular to cause it, surely *one* of her dastardly schemes did them in. Somehow.

## Chapter 2
- Cheerilee arrives at the schoolhouse and wonders if it's really worth working on her lesson plan for today, considering the world is supposed to end.
- Well, all the more reason!

## Chapter 1
- Minutes to midnight chapter (not literally, since it'll be morning)
- Characters are realizing that it's close to the end, and decide to gather round so they can spend their final moments together.
- Heartwarming bittersweet chapter! Hopefully.

## Chapter 0hr
- Twilight sees a ball of fire rise over Ponyville! Oh no, it's happening!!!
- Twilight realizes the ball of fire is just the Sun.
- Oh.
- It looks like nothing exploded at all. 

## Chapter 0hr+X (final chapter)
- All the assembled characters look up at the story title.
- "This Story Did Not Explode"
- "Well, that was anticlimactic!"
